Add Funccall notebook and document (#1110)
microsoft/FLAML: website/docs/Use-Cases/Auto-Generation.md

Please find a visual illustration of how UserProxyAgent and AssistantAgent collaboratively solve the above task below:
![Agent Example](images/agent_example.png)

#### Human Input Mode
The `human_input_mode` parameter of `UserProxyAgent` controls the behavior of the agent when it receives a message. It can be set to `"NEVER"`, `"ALWAYS"`, or `"TERMINATE"`.
- Under the mode `human_input_mode="NEVER"`, the multi-turn conversation between the assistant and the user_proxy stops when the number of auto-reply reaches the upper limit specified by `max_consecutive_auto_reply` or the received message is a termination message according to `is_termination_msg`.
- When `human_input_mode` is set to `"ALWAYS"`, the user proxy agent solicits human input every time a message is received; and the conversation stops when the human input is "exit", or when the received message is a termination message and no human input is provided.
- When `human_input_mode` is set to `"TERMINATE"`, the user proxy agent solicits human input only when a termination message is received or the number of auto reply reaches `max_consecutive_auto_reply`.

#### Function Calling

> We also support the newly added [function calling capability of OpenAI's Chat Completions API](https://openai.com/blog/function-calling-and-other-api-updates?ref=upstract.com). One can pass in a list of callable functions or class methods to `UserProxyAgent`, which corresponds to the description of functions passed to OpenAI's API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To leverage [function calling capability of OpenAI's Chat Completions API](https://openai.com/blog/function-calling-and-other-api-updates?ref=upstract.com), one can pass in a list of callable functions or class methods to `UserProxyAgent`, which corresponds to the description of functions passed to OpenAI's API.
```

oai_config = {
    "model": "gpt-4-0613",
    "functions": [
        {
            "name": "execute_code",
            "description": "Receive a list of python code or shell script and return the execution result.",
            "parameters": {
                "type": "object",
                "properties": {
                    "code_type": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "Code type, 'python' or 'sh'.",
                    },
                    "code": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "Valid Python code to execute.",
                    }
                },
                "required": ["code_type", "code"],
            },
        }
    ],
    "function_call": "auto",
}

# create an AssistantAgent instance named "assistant"
chatbot = AssistantAgent("assistant", config_list=config_list, **oai_config)

# define your own function. Here we use a pre-defined '_execute_code' function from a UserProxyAgent instance
# we define a wrapper function to call `exec_func`
exec_func = UserProxyAgent(name="execute_code", work_dir="coding", use_docker=False)._execute_code

> def execute_code(exec_func, code_type, code):

Reviewer: ```suggestion

def execute_code(code_type, code):
```

                "type": "object",
                "properties": {
                    "code_type": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "Code type, 'python' or 'sh'.",
                    },
                    "code": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "Valid Python code to execute.",
                    }
                },
                "required": ["code_type", "code"],
            },
        }
    ],
    "function_call": "auto",
}

# create an AssistantAgent instance named "assistant"
chatbot = AssistantAgent("assistant", config_list=config_list, **oai_config)

# define your own function. Here we use a pre-defined '_execute_code' function from a UserProxyAgent instance
# we define a wrapper function to call `exec_func`
exec_func = UserProxyAgent(name="execute_code", work_dir="coding", use_docker=False)._execute_code
def execute_code_function(exec_func, code_type, code):
    return exec_func([(code_type, code)])

# create a UserProxyAgent instance named "user", the execute_code_function is passed
user = UserProxyAgent(
    "user",
    human_input_mode="NEVER",

>     function_map={"execute_code": partial(execute_code_function, exec_func)},

Reviewer: no need to use partial.

- When `human_input_mode` is set to `"ALWAYS"`, the user proxy agent solicits human input every time a message is received; and the conversation stops when the human input is "exit", or when the received message is a termination message and no human input is provided.
- When `human_input_mode` is set to `"TERMINATE"`, the user proxy agent solicits human input only when a termination message is received or the number of auto reply reaches `max_consecutive_auto_reply`.

> We also support the newly added [function calling capability of OpenAI's Chat Completions API](https://openai.com/blog/function-calling-and-other-api-updates?ref=upstract.com). One can pass in list of callable functions or class methods to `UserProxyAgent`, which corresponding to the description of functions passed to OpenAI's API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also support the newly added [function calling capability of OpenAI's Chat Completions API](https://openai.com/blog/function-calling-and-other-api-updates?ref=upstract.com). One can pass in a list of callable functions or class methods to `UserProxyAgent`, which corresponding to the description of functions passed to OpenAI's API.
```

                        "description": "Code type, 'python' or 'sh'.",
                    },
                    "code": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "description": "Valid Python code to execute.",
                    }
                },
                "required": ["code_type", "code"],
            },
        }
    ],
    "function_call": "auto",
}

# create an AssistantAgent instance named "assistant"
chatbot = AssistantAgent("assistant", config_list=config_list, **oai_config)

# define your own function. Here we use a pre-defined '_execute_code' function from a UserProxyAgent instance
def execute_code_function(code_type, code):
    execute_code_function = UserProxyAgent(name="execute_code", work_dir="coding", use_docker=False)._execute_code
    return execute_code_function([(code_type, code)])

# create a UserProxyAgent instance named "user", the execute_code_function is passed
user = UserProxyAgent(
    "user",
    human_input_mode="NEVER",
    function_map={"execute_code": execute_code_function},
)

# start the conversation
chatbot.receive(
    "Draw a rocket and save to a file named 'rocket.svg'",
    user,
)

> ```

Reviewer: With the newly added content, I suggest adding subsections for "humna_input_mode" and "function_call" for better readability.
